Add 0.15 release notes for function reflection (#1768)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.15/release-notes/function_reflection.md

Rust's options for working with functions in a dynamic context are limited.
We're forced to either coerce the function to a function pointer (e.g. `fn(i32, i32) -> i32`)
or turn it into a trait object (e.g. `Box<dyn Fn(i32, i32) -> i32>`).

> The problem with this is that we still need to know the exact signature of the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases, only functions with the same signature (both inputs and outputs) can be stored as an object of the same type.
```

For truly dynamic contexts, such as working with scripting languages or fetching functions by name,
this can be a significant limitation.

> Bevy's [`bevy_reflect`] crate already removes the need for compile-time knowledge of types through
> reflection, so it would make sense to extend this to functions as well.
> 
> In Bevy 0.15, it's now possible to reflect functions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bevy's [`bevy_reflect`] crate already removes the need for compile-time knowledge of types through
reflection.
In Bevy 0.15, functions can be reflected as well!
```

This feature is opt-in and requires the `reflect_functions` feature to be enabled on `bevy`
(or the `functions` feature on `bevy_reflect` if using that crate directly).

> It works by converting regular functions whose arguments and return type derive [`Reflect`]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It works by converting regular functions which arguments and return type derive [`Reflect`]
```

```

Calling a function returns a [`FunctionResult`] which contains our [`Return`] data 
or a [`FunctionError`] if something went wrong.

```rust
match result {
    Ok(Return::Owned(value)) => {
        let value = value.try_take::<i32>().unwrap();
        println!("Got: {}", value);
    }
    Err(err) => println!("Error: {:?}", err),
    _ => unreachable!("our function always returns an owned value"),
}
```

#### Closure Reflection

This feature doesn't just work for regular functions—it works on closures too!

For closures that capture their environment immutably, we can continue using `DynamicFunction`
and `IntoFunction`. For closures that capture their environment mutably, there's
[`DynamicFunctionMut`] and [`IntoFunctionMut`].

```rust
let mut total = 0;

let increment = || total += 1;

let mut function = increment.into_function_mut();

function.call(ArgList::new()).unwrap();
function.call(ArgList::new()).unwrap();
function.call(ArgList::new()).unwrap();

// Drop the function to release the mutable borrow of `total`.
// Alternatively, our last call could have used `call_once` instead.
drop(function);

assert_eq!(total, 3);
```

#### `FunctionInfo`

> Reflected functions hold onto their type metadata via [`FunctionInfo`] which are automatically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reflected functions hold onto their type metadata via [`FunctionInfo`] which is automatically
```

generated by the [`TypedFunction`] trait. This allows them to return information about the
function including its name, arguments, and return type.

```rust
let info = String::len.get_function_info();

assert_eq!(info.name().unwrap(), "alloc::string::String::len");
assert_eq!(info.arg_count(), 1);
assert!(info.args()[0].is::<&String>());
assert!(info.return_info().is::<usize>());
```

> One thing to note is that closures, anonymous functions, function pointers, and all arguments

Reviewer: I don't understand what "all arguments" means here. Why wouldn't arguments have names? Does this apply to ordinary functions like `add` above?

Author: Yeah I realized I didn't mention that arguments won't be named either in the `FunctionInfo` (Rust provides no way to get that information), so I just tacked it onto this sentence.

Perhaps it'd be okay to just leave that bit out? Or maybe I'll see if I can reword it and not be too clunky about it haha

// but for demonstration purposes, we'll construct it manually.
let add_to = DynamicFunction::new(
    |mut args| {
        let a = args.take::<i32>()?;
        let b = args.take_mut::<i32>()?;

        *b += a;

        Ok(Return::unit())
    },
    FunctionInfo::named("add_to")
        .with_arg::<i32>("a")
        .with_arg::<&mut i32>("b")
        .with_return::<()>(),
);
```

#### The Function Registry

To make it easier to work with reflected functions, a dedicated [`FunctionRegistry`] has been added.
This works similarly to the [`TypeRegistry`] where functions can be registered and retrieved by name.

```rust
let mut registry = FunctionRegistry::default();
registry
    // Named functions can be registered directly
    .register(add)?
    // Unnamed functions (e.g. closures) must be registered with a name
    .register_with_name("add_3", |a: i32, b: i32, c: i32| a + b + c)?;

let add = registry.get("my_crate::math::add").unwrap();
let add_3 = registry.get("add_3").unwrap();
```

For better integration with the rest of Bevy, a new [`AppFunctionRegistry`] resource has been added
along with registration methods on [`App`].

#### The `Function` Trait

> A new reflection trait—appropriately called [`Function`]—has been added to correspond to functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new reflection trait appropriately called [`Function`] has been added to correspond to functions.
```

}
```

#### Limitations

While this feature is quite powerful already, there are still a number of limitations.

Firstly, `IntoFunction`/`IntoFunctionMut` only work for functions with up to 16 arguments,
and only support returning borrowed data where the lifetime is tied to the first argument
(normally `self` in methods).

Secondly, the `Function` trait can't be implemented for all functions due to how the function
reflection traits are defined.

Thirdly, all arguments and return types must have derived `Reflect`.
This can be confusing for certain types such as `&str` since only `&'static str` implements
`Reflect` and its borrowed version would be `&&'static str`.

Lastly, while generic functions are supported, they must first be manually monomorphized.
This means that if you have a generic function like `fn foo<T>()`, you have to create the
`DynamicFunction` like `foo::<i32>.into_function()`.

Most of these limitations are due to Rust itself.
The [lack of variadics] and [issues with coherence] are among the two biggest difficulties
to work around.
Despite this, we will be looking into ways of improving the ergonomics and capabilities 
of this feature in future releases.

> We already have a PR up to add support for overloaded functions: functions with a variable

Reviewer: Link here!

Author: ```suggestion
We already have a [PR](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/15074) up to add support for overloaded functions: functions with a variable
```

Note: Using an inline link to avoid any possible issues with `PR` across the rest of the post (I'm not sure how links are generated, but just to be safe)

Reviewer: They'll only operate based on [TEXT] tags with square brackets, but this is fine.

// Alternatively, our last call could have used `call_once` instead.
drop(function);

assert_eq!(total, 3);
```

#### `FunctionInfo`

Reflected functions hold onto their type metadata via [`FunctionInfo`] which is automatically
generated by the [`TypedFunction`] trait. This allows them to return information about the
function including its name, arguments, and return type.

```rust
let info = String::len.get_function_info();

assert_eq!(info.name().unwrap(), "alloc::string::String::len");
assert_eq!(info.arg_count(), 1);
assert!(info.args()[0].is::<&String>());
assert!(info.return_info().is::<usize>());
```

One thing to note is that closures, anonymous functions, and function pointers
are not automatically given names. For these cases, names can be provided manually.

The same is true for all arguments including `self` arguments: names are not automatically
generated and must be supplied manually if desired.

Using `FunctionInfo`, a `DynamicFunction` will print out its signature when debug-printed.

```rust
dbg!(String::len.into_function());
// Outputs:
// DynamicFunction(fn alloc::string::String::len(_: &alloc::string::String) -> usize)

> ```

Author: Just added this because I think it's really cool we can still print out the full signature, but let me know if it's too much to include for the release post.
